Bismuth is an interesting element. It has a cool, coarse name that sounds like a portmanteau for "business dog". It's irredecent, like nacre or trout's bellies. It had replaced lead in bullets to some extent, because it it heavier than lead and non-toxic, although it was recently discovered that it is actually a *bit* radioactive and hold the record for half-life length (the time it takes for a radioactive element to become half as radioactive as when it was created). It takes bismuth elements twenty billions billions years (a number with about 20 zeros behind) to shed half of their radioactivity. For a completely useless and depressing reference, the age of the Universe is around thirteen billions years. Bismuth is also the active element in Pepto Bismol, which is weird, but now the name make sense doesn't it.

However, the interesting part is how bismuth atoms are arranged. They are arranged: they form some sort of rectangular arrangement. Like in any other element, this quality is imparted and exarcerberted in the elements' evolution. For instance, the crystals are a bit like staircases in an impossible persperctive drawing by MC Escher. They just draw you in, with colors and a kind of psychadelic attitude, like 'woah dude, are you ready for your BIG flashback? ;)'.

These parapets and lines are naturally occuring because of the underlining composition of the crystal, the atoms themselves. And if you look at giant salt crystal, how it is arranged is roughly how its matter is arranged intrisincly.

Now keept this in mind and think of a transistor. Boring, I know. On, off. Only two possible state. Okay. Then logic gates. Okay, some different things. Conditions like AND, OR, XOR (neither) that can be applied to decision. Oh, that's already some vocabulary, if you want to create, sayyyyyy a computer. Then let's think of processors: billions of transistors, of logic gates, etc, etc. Okay. Then other systems: hard drive, memory, input, output. So many complex things & applications & usages! You can order icepicks of Amazon, look at porn on Youporn, connect remotly to an encrypted server, send an airstrike, calculate volatility indexes of databases... Etc. All the sub systems come together, throught networks and protocols, they assemble and allow you immence latitude in what you use them for, what you do with them.

Now thing of your computer, or, even better, think of your phone. How complexe it is (it is arguably more complex than your computer, more powerfull than any computer you own 5 years ago, more powerfull than all computing power available to NASA when they sent people to the moon). Now think of you phone, you don't have to close your eyes or anything, we're not looking for your spirit animal; think of you phone and abstract it to the core. What two state is your phone as a system is  able to be in? Mmm. On, off. Right.

The expression of subsystem in the system is what form the experience. Getting accoustomed to this is to understand how things come together, how thingscoalesce.
