At the show there was a lot of ponytails. I'm at the Highbury/Islington junction now. Luke was in town; I met him in Utrecht, he had been touring with Big Brave across Europe. The Dutch connection. But last week he had to blow BB off to get on tour with Lightning Bolt. They pay more a lot more money. He said that at one show he sold 107 tshirts. His personal best. The show has just ended, I'm listening to Waylon (still). I never really was into Lightning Bolt. I was into Battles (circa Mirrored) and Double Dagger. I put them all in the same category because of the bass replacing the guitar and the powerful drums, and because they all sort of appeared at the same time. I don't think that DD was never big, but they have this great song called "No Allies" off a good album with some sort of wood monument on the cover. Anyway, Luke put me on the guestlist for LB. He gave me a tshirt too. He's pretty cool. I have some etheral crush on his girlfriend, who's also canadian. She's tall, has thights tattoos, is a bit goth and a big lisp

While I was going towards the bar I bumped into this guy who had this white tshirt on:
"yes i love d.i.y:"
do not think
i will go to
your show

Yeah

There was a lot of ponytails, and guys/girls were in the expected ratio. One of the bartender was nodding his head and had stretchers big enough to put a thumb through, and in them he had hanging hoops. Disgusting. Like the hoops of a Urban Outfitter magician, except there is no trick and they don't separate. If they do they stink up the place anyway

I never was into LB and now I sort of understand why. It is too indulgent for me. They seem like nice guys: I've heard first hand accounts  about the Brians being real gentlemen. I think Louis is even doing a drawing serie with one of them. Anyway, they look as surprised as me that they can live off this. They are greying a bit. And from what I know they never did anything different. It's just blasting on the drum for an hour while people go nuts. I coulnd't help but think of Tommy Lee doing a drum solo. I mean, this video here is one out of hundreds, but it certainly has the best naration ("HERE I COME TACOMA!!!). It's the same thing, really. And we make fun of Tommy Lee. We make fun of him when he gets stuck upside doing on a rollercoaster build especially for his solo while the rest of the band is getting their asses sucked. Look it up! Stuck in Seaworld on the Mako, playing a drum solo

So LB was too indudgent for my taste. It's just a guy doing something fast and loud. It's not punk; rock, it's skate; board. Energy, vapidity. And everyone is a fucking white dude. That's fine, but between Gambinos doing his thing on the mainstream and seeing a loud as fuck punk band whose songs are all about gayness and trans love in Brighton, is LB really relevant at this point? By the end he had no shirt on. People were attenting for the same reason they look at porn: to see some white guy who is good at what he does enjoy himself doing it. That and the freakshow angle. Obviously. So the whole thing felt quite childish: the effects on the voice, the weird facemask. Yeah dude you can bang on a tam tam pretty loud, how "gnarly"

So anyway, that was two days ago and my ears are still ringing. I had plugs on too. At some point I removed them out of curiosity and it was terrible. Screeching white noise at an unbearable level. Everyone dropping sweat. After going to Rollerderby and Vogue(yes, that kind of vogue) it all felt like such a waste of time! Well. You don't look into the mouth of a gifted horse, I guess. As I was saying bye to Luke (he was at the console doing sound), Brian the drummer comes through the crowd unrecognized with his shirt on and no mask. People were still clamoring for an encore, they didn't realize that it was done done. So he passes me as I leave my Luke embrace and I collegially slap him on the back, on his sweat drenched tshirt, like "good game bro", and he goes to Luke and he thums the stage and says "fuck this band!"

