People who were hard on Hughes on account of accuracy missed the point of an old timer from Texas sharing stories: this was never about reporting facts but rather,about creating folklore.

This was a man born in a different era, closer to the icebox refrigerators than to Twitter, a man who had learned lessons and stories sitting on bar stools in Lubbock, fascinated by folk heroes & villains, and the lore that grew off oral history. He was by no means senile or uneducated: what some associated to the cliché of a rambling old man was simply the qualities of a good raconteur, trying his best to formalize his tales through mediums ill-fitted for this kind of storytelling. His long, off-topic digressions, I laughed off as the signs of a giddy man unable to hide his boyish fascination towards a world that had already started to wither when he came of age. Regardless of how you read them though, through all of his stories shone genuine curiosity for his subjects, along with a modest pride to be part of the gang.

Hughes' account of the american west was as real & as fake as those created by John Ford or Marty Robbins, but as they say, after a while the map becomes the territory; the lore does not exist without people building it, and what captures the people's imagination, what inspires them, fill them with pride & a sense of belonging, is often made of exaggerations and omittances. His writing was the anachronistic continuation of western storytelling; how certain men can become legends not necessarily through their actions but through the reverberations of their own legend --sometime debased, sometime exalted-- through the passion of others.

I'm from a small town in northern Quebec. Like Hughes, I always enjoyed listening to old folks tell their stories, giving me a glimpse of what life was well before I was born. When someone like Johnny Hughes dies, a conduit that existed between now and then is gone. However, while he will be greatly missed, I am certain that Hughes' contribution will continue to tinge and color the exciting, illicit & dangerous american west for a long time.

Farewell.
