The mansion is big, old. It's in Holland. There is a cat with slightly blue fur. A Quebecois man with short curly hair lives in it. It's a middle aged people art house. There is stuff piled up. There is a room with a desk and a typewriter. "Kat" and I go ovr the typerwriter and read some text, sing songy: "because we need to escaaaaaaape", smiling and looking like a duet. The unnamed woman uses the typewriter. It look like it's her house and the guys just lives there, or is a subdued companion. The house is in the country. The cat is big and fluffy

The video. The video have been made in this mansion. The video has been filmed by "Kat". Its quality is good VHS/bad miniDV, with lots of zoom in zoom out. The sound is very good. There is only women in the video, young attractive women with long hair, striped shirt, wide pants, polos, polyester blouse shirt. They all are "big girl" in the sense that they are all 5'10' or more. Light and colourful. The video films them in rooms, film their stuff, them doing silly stuff. There is not sync sounds all the time, and sometime there is a girl singing over. The scene of her signing over is in blasted b&w and she moves her her quite a bit, comes towards the camera (in a corridor of the house, wood floor) and she has a good voice. It might be dubbed on the video it's hard to tell. Part of the lyrics are "... and I can tell; that you're not doing wellllllll" with the first part sinking and the second part really climbing high. The videos of girls (all in their 20s) are both funny and alluring, but in a personal way. They are definitely not "sexy". There is a lot of slow hair movement (hair falling on one side, then the other, etc)

One of the scene start with a detail on a shelf, the camera zoomed on to it. Somehow it's an item that is supposed to reveal something to the viewer. It zooms out and on the left is the girl with the striped shirt (the singer) who is playfully dancing and mouting some stuff. She is expressive but not too much. Then on the right, the camera sees a secong girl who has brown or red hair. She smiles and also sort of casually sing/dance while looking at the camera, her hair falling. She is holding on to some sort of wooden bed frame or some sort of small wooden support beam. The context of this room is a bit like a cottage: warm light, lots of small items of old age, lots of wood texture

There is another scene, where we hear loud moaning coming from a room, a small livingin room in the middle of a hallway, and the camera chase the sound leisurely. It turns a corner and get to the livigin room and nothing is happening, just 3 or 4 of the girls sitting on a couch, laying. One is laying with her head on the thights (blue jeans) of another. They don't really look at the camera when it comes it, and they stop moaning before the camera gets in the room
