In America, there is a moment in the 90's when the notion of morality arguably collapsed and left a void to be filled. One could posit that this was accelerated by the collapse of the Soviet Union: its contrasting values helped American define themselves throught the rejection of this "immoral other" for the last four decades. Nervertheless, the existential vaccum that appeared was quickly filled by the glorification of the outcast, misunderstood, angry white man. I argue that these should be seen as the seed of a patriarchal discourse now carried through by the like of Jordan Petersen, Alex Jones, Mike Cenovich and al 

Historically, rock and roll had always set itself as a mean of expressing discontentement with moral values, or at the very least as an attempt to question and change their limits. With the loss of a greater moral context, rock and roll had to push in all direction to seek a modern & relevent identity. It pushed outward (towards rap, which was the dominant mainstream by then) to widen its influence, but most importantly, it pushed inward to tap into a taboo that it knew existed beyond the moral vaccum: the inner torments of middle-class white teens. Both of these choice aligns with the contrariant nature of rock and roll. They also act as a blueprint for the dissimination of toxic masculinity: nü-metal became neo-reactionism, KoЯn became InfoWaЯs. All in all, some white guy shouting about how unfair life is and how angry he is at the world that rejects him and that if you push him towards the edge you'll be sorry
