The douchebag had let us in the details of his thirthy second birthday: he had been alone and decided to go to Pacini, with their salad bar and infinite bread, he had some kind of cheap pasta dish and a bottle of wine. When he got out, he saw a massage parlour and went in. The girl there was nineteen. A gorgeous asian girl by his account. He and my started cackling over some racist drifts and I felt sick and sad. Maybe going out hadn't been a good idea. The douchebag went into the details, the shower first, then bathing with the girl, then she jerked him off but he was drunk enought from the cheap wine and salad bar so she couldn't get him to come. She tried and it was long, his limp dick in her small hands. He couldn't. She couldn't. He told the story while laughing. It made me sad that in the shadow of this repugnant man I could catch a glimpse of me, of my birthday by myself, all that lust and self hate and flawedesness. His story made me physically sick. All the minute details, recalled in a prideless, deadpan way that was both flauting and shameful. His loneliness embraced mine made it soar. It made me think of how even despicable people know this void, even the murderers and the bishops and people who work in restaurants. We're all alone sometime and it made me ashamed, ashamed to be lonely and prone, captive of the same behaviors.

My own version of this was kidneys & mustard at a bistro, and the stripper bar on parc ave on my way back (maybe). A slightly elevated setting. The bathroom at the restaurant had a pot of cinnamon bark and out of the speakers came gregorian chants. I sat at the bar, straight in the middle. When I turned around to look at the lefs of a woman there with her date, I just made all of my stuff fall on the ground, just behind me. Haphazard. The bartender came around and placed it on the empty seat by me, then looked at me straight and said "no worries mister, we'll figure it out". How did I look, at the bar with a notepad and a bright blue hoodie. How easy it was to be rowdy and visible and brash at the bar, when you were not alone; tonight I was silent. Avoiding people's gaze. Just there. Eating something's kidneys, a poor dead calf probably. This evening, this day, was a smudge in a year of sorrow and fear. Maybe even a reprive.
