
I like the questions that Richard Prince asks. I think it is valuable and needed for the perception of intellectual properties to adapt in a world of new, transient media. He is your uncle that takes all of the best stuff at the salad bar, he is the guy who needs to be kicked out of your coffee shop for demolishing your bandwith, he's the neighbor who waters his lawn in the middle of a draught. The fact that he has poor etiquette, that he embody the tragedy of the common, does not make him wrong. It makes it incredibly relevent: while I don't think that he is willingly exposing himself as a spokesman for his generation, he represent a good part of it extremely aptly.

About 'Canal Zone', he said that the thought of asking permission to use Patrick *** pictures did not even appeared in his mind. That is the relevant part. He his from an oil wasting, reactionary, entitled to some goddamn fun and will take it thank you very much, generation. He didn't know what Instagram was before he got around. Imagine a woman from another era, opening up a door and finding a warehouse of stuff, of pretyt and disgusting stuff. It's the internet, no one is watching. I'll take some of that. He is the tourist that come and trample the ground, because he doesn't know what grows there. Maybe a plant he has never seen.

Get Richard Prince, talk to him about OSS, CC, GNU... You'll get a blank look. What would have happened if he'd discovered archives.org instead of Instagram? The creativity would still be there (I think), but not the drama (I assume). Maybe he wouldn't have made money. Maybe this conversation would have appeared a bit later, but it would have appeared of course.

Because of my age, because of my mentors and education, whenever I decide to create something, I think about the bigger picture. Art is a collaboration, you want to give to people, you want to get from them. There is millions, hundred of millions of copyleft, public domain, open source media out there, waiting. If you can't find something that convey what you want to convey, you are missing the point. 

But that's not what it's about, it's about the immediacy, the intimacy of massively distributed codas and mechanisms. "I want to capture this, right here, the real stuff". Well. Think of the Lumiere brother, think of the first movies. It's quite literal isn't it? Quite figurative, all about the gadget, about what we can do with it. Check out that horse running. Yeah cool. Let's film a train. Yup, a train. That's new media right now. We're still in puberty. We're still playing with our nipples; new media does not start and end with a sreenshot of Whatsapp.

Media will get more and more abstract. The signifier and the signified will grow further and further away. It is already happening. In the work of Reinmiker ***, Mathieu ***, Petra ***. How you feel when you interact with a technology is going to become completely removed from what you do with this technology. This is a new form of expressionism in a way. Prince is oh-sooooo figurative, like a caveman painting stars instead of constellation. 
