When I was younger I used to hate mixing my food together. Maybe it was because
I was used to seeing it when we fed the pigs, but to which extent my potatoes
touched my brocolis was a big preoccupation. Things change. I don't give a damn
anymore. All together, yummy. I hate a hotchicken with a slice of sugar pie on
top last year or the year before. I can't be saved on that front. Used to be
disgusted at the idea of drinking off the carton. Gone too. For all I know maybe
the spit that inevitably goes back into the container makes the stuff better
tasting, through some bacteria action.

I used to commit to memory the phone numbers of my friend. I still remember my
neighboor phone number, 567-8647. I'd walk around with all of these tiny secrets in
my head, like combination to tiny safe where I could get someone to by booze for
me, or a ride, or a joint, or borrow Mortal Kombat 3. Now that place has been
liberated, used for something else, while I expand my memory outside, outsourced
it to some server in a brisk room in Vermont or Delaware that backups my
contacts. More brain space to be in the moment.

Metahaven was saying that algorithms have replaced ethics. Like other mindful
concerns, morals and ethics can be disembodied. Things that require recall or
interpretation can be processed outside, while I wait for an answer to base my
action on. A bit like looking up everytime if a mushroom is poisonous or not;
why commit that to memory? Sure you form memories, or to use that parlance, you
cache information that you often use, to save you the mild annoyance of
interfacing wherever the data is stored, but that's a symtom of habit, muscle
memory.

More and more. And then, someday, the daily concerns (maybe) will be void of
interpretation. Like some sort of permanent meditative state, where your
breathing and the feeling of the sun upon your face become the center of your
life, a life spent in the perpetual moment. No more questions of right or wrong, 
of true or false, but only the minute observations, your actual existence. Does 
that make us empty, or full?
