The inner human ear is a strange and complex organ: ... ; it regulate our
sense of balance and vertigo; and most importantly, it has evolved around the
frequencies present in human voices. This part of the ear, the one that react to 
spectrum is the last to give in old age, and the first to formi

~~~

In a society where human contact is rarified, even devalued, it is common to go
through days without human interaction.

~~~

A few decades ago, DJs and radio hosts.

~~~

Radio has always been a medium that was more democratic than its visual
counterparts.

~~~

The most important part of a word is getting it out, and in a society where you
need to vy for attention alongside corporations, it is hard ot figure out how.
An analogy that is easy to picture is a forest, where each organism is trying to
et some sun, get bigger, spread it's root, etc.

~~~

Radio has suffered more from consolidation in the last few years than newspaper
or tv stations. It was estimated in 2004 that in the United State, the audience
share was actually split only between six companies and their subsidies. It
always was an hermetic medium, where barrier of entry, both technical and
regulatory, was out of reach for most people. This changed with the advent of
internet.

~~~

n10.as (pronounced 'antenas') is an independent radio platform currently based
in Montreal. By leveling the requirements needed to broadcast, it allows members of
multiple communities to share a regular tribune. The shows structure and
subjects varies with the hosts to decide, but often bring an hyper-local
perspective.

From the ground up it was envisionned as a community project, and the volunteers
making it work so far are doing it for it's own sake.

This initiative was inspired by similar efforts in Berlin and New-York, where
audiences and stations were able to grow and organize. More specifically with
n10.as, since the project has been so well received and outlined a clear void in
enabling platforms alike, the medium term goal is to make the platform
completely accessible and free to anyone who wants to use it
